Tasks on 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops project at week #4 at 7/5/2022

    Requirements:
        Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs
        All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89
        All your files should end with a new line
        A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory
        Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl
        You are not allowed to use global variables
        No more than 5 functions per file
        You are not allowed to use the standard library. Any use of functions like printf, puts, etc… is forbidden
        You are allowed to use putchar
        You don’t have to push putchar.c, we will use our file. If you do it won’t be taken into account
        In the following examples, the main.c files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own main.c files at compilation. Our main.c files might be different from the one shown in the examples
        The prototypes of all your functions and the prototype of the function putchar should be included in your header file called main.h
        Don’t forget to push your header file

    Task 0: a program that prints putchar, followed by a new line.

    Task 1: Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

    Task 2: Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

    Task 3: Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

    Task 4: Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

    Task 5: Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

    Task 6: Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

    Task 7: Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

    Task 8: Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

    Task 9: Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

    Task 10: Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

    Task 11: Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

    Task 12: prints the n times table, starting with 0.

    Task 13: If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

    Task 14: Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

    Task 15: Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

    Task 16: Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
